# Introduction

Welcome to the documentation of the "Perspective" application! This application illustrates how to organize Django projects and applications efficiently while demonstrating the creation of a basic questionnaire application with questionnaire management features.

## Overview

The "Perspective" application aims to provide a clear example of how to structure a Django project into smaller, reusable applications. It primarily focuses on project structure and the implementation of a questionnaire application, without delving into the specifics of questionnaire logic.

# Project Structure

Before we proceed with project setup, it's essential to understand the project's structure:

```
perspective/               # Project directory
    surveys/               # Django project (contains applications)
        polls/             # Questionnaire application
        ...
    pyproject.toml         # Poetry configuration file
    poetry.lock            # Dependency lock file generated by Poetry
    ...
```

- `perspective`: This is the main directory of the Django project, containing project configurations.

- `perspective/surveys`: The Django project "surveys," which houses applications.

- `perspective/surveys/polls`: The questionnaire application.

- `pyproject.toml`: Poetry configuration file describing dependencies and project settings.

- `poetry.lock`: Dependency lock file generated by Poetry, specifying version information for dependencies.

# Project Configuration and Execution

Now that you understand the project's structure, follow these steps to set up and run the "Perspective" project:

1. Clone the project's GitHub repository to your local environment:

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/SublateSamuel/perspective.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project's root directory:

   ```
   cd perspective
   ```

3. Install the Poetry package manager, which can be installed with the following command:

   ```
   pip install poetry
   ```

4. Run the following command to install project dependencies:

   ```
   poetry install
   ```

5. Execute database migrations within the virtual environment managed by Poetry:

   ```
   poetry run python manage.py migrate
   ```

6. Create a superuser to access the admin panel within the virtual environment managed by Poetry:

   ```
   poetry run python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

7. Start the development server within the virtual environment managed by Poetry:

   ```
   poetry run python manage.py runserver
   ```

# Accessing Applications

Now that the project is up and running, you can access the applications as follows:

- To access the questionnaire application, use the following URL:

   [http://127.0.0.1:8000/polls/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/polls/)

- To access the admin panel, use the following URL:

   [http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/)

# Conclusion

The "Perspective" application provides a clear example of how to structure Django projects and applications in an organized and reusable manner, using Poetry to manage project dependencies. Ensure that you use the `poetry run` command before executing any actions on the project to ensure it is running within the virtual environment managed by Poetry. Feel free to explore the source code and adapt this approach for your Django projects using Poetry.